Change the title to be M.D.F PMC, Do not greyscale the logo, it's already the colours it needs to be
Embed https://forms.gle/DvNtsqjMjP28gdhH7 into the website for people to apply to the website OR add this embed as another page that can be accessed.

Include the following details on the site:
    Curated Mod pack- Carefully selected mods to ensure the best experience you can get.

    Advanced Combat Medicine - Injuries and treatment have never been more realistic; Tuned for realism.

    Thousands of tweaks, configurations and changes in house to ensure an immersive experience.
        Earn your rank through your contributions to the team.

    Ranks aren't locked behind donations unlike other teams.
    
    
    
    List our membership requirements:
    Got what it takes?

    Speak English

    Listen to orders and follow code of conduct

    Able to attend at least one operation a week

    18+ NO EXCEPTIONS

        Tuesday 6:30PM Onwards (A3)

        ​Thursday 6:30PM Onwards (A3)

        Sunday 6:30PM Onwards (Reforger)​

Operations are in UK Timezone



Don't worry about your skill level when joining, our in-depth training sessions have got you covered. We keep an eye on all members across various types of training to make sure everyone is at peak performance.


Include our "about" section:

Established in 2017

Originally established as a security provider based in New York, The MDF transitioned into the realm of military solutions in 2017, a transformation catalysed by its involvement in managing a flashpoint crisis on Altis before NATO and CSTO intervention.

The MDF does not represent any single nation, it operates on behalf of nations that seek out our services, with members around The Globe. The team is heavily inspired by Militaires Sans Frontières, a fictional mercenary unit that operated for clients regardless of nationality or identity.


Link to, or embed our team handbook https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zkZBOdBcWz5M_NZ2LaUkru-aP1vJoOgVlVC8AqInTfA/edit?usp=sharing